I left work early, but I had to get gas,
so I almost didn't make it on time.
As far as conferences go,
this is boring.
-How was Kyle's game?
-Amazing. Six-zero.
Kyle pitched seven innings. Coach said
it was the fastest he's ever thrown.
No way. Are you kidding me?
I'm sorry I missed it.
I know you don't wanna celebrate,
but I made a reservation at Brios
at seven tomorrow night.
-You did?
-I did.
That's awesome.
I'll standby on the earlier flight.
Hopefully I'll be home by lunch.
I hope so. Okay, babe.
I'll see you when you get here.
-I love you.
-I love you, too. Sleep tight.
May I help you?
Good morning, ma'am. Kenneth
Goulet. Do you have a moment?
BARRY
Season 3, Episode 4
And all I'm sayin' is that
sometimes the police fall short.
But justice, that's still attainable.
Who is this?
-You must be Kyle. I'm Kenneth Goulet.
-Please leave.
Okay.
You could've played at Michigan.
You decided to stay home. Why?
Whatever it is you're sellin',
we don't want any.
I know who killed your dad.
Dad?
-Have you been up all night?
-I fucked up, son.
What is all this? What' going on?
-I pissed off the wrong guy.
-Dad, you do that every day.
We gotta leave.
We're leaving Dodge.
-Leave L.A.? I can't leave L.A.
-Okay.
You get ready.
I'm gonna pack the car.
I'll get new suitcases.
Pack Gordon.
Dad, I'm not leaving L.A.
What the hell happened on
Laws of Humanity yesterday?
Tom, this is not a good time.
Tell them I was doing what
I thought was best for my family.
They loved you.
They wanna bring you back.
The showrunner told me he had
no idea you were that good.
He said you gave pathos
to that sad old man character.
And now they'll extend that part,
give you additional scenes.
On Laws of fucking Humanity.
That show is huge!
-Gets, like a 1.6 on the demo.
-Tom, I'm leaving town.
-What? Why?
-I pissed off a guy I shouldn't have.
I must say,
that's right on brand for you, Gene.
I've been your agent for 30 years,
and it has not been easy.
People told me you're narcissistic,
selfobsessed, petty, unhinged.
Their words, not mine.
Volatile, toxic, abusive, malignant,
a scrub, a dope, a dummy, a loser,
a cocksucker, a dump truck,
a stone-cold buster.
A bomb?
Why can't I just shoot the guy?
-We wanted you to shoot them, but...
-Them?
-I thought it was just Fernando.
-It was.
But Dorn and DeLuise pointed out
that if we only kill Fernando,
then an army of stunning Bolivian
soldiers would come kill all of us.
So, it's been decided that you'll blow
them up during their midday meeting,
which is usually around five p.m.
Cristobal will be at Pilates
at that time, so he won't be there.
So I'm bombing a house?
And how! Peep this.
Give me your phone.
You need the Detonate app.
Shoot. I need your face.
Bingo.
Would you like to receive Detonate
promotional offers? Absolutely.
Can I have access to your photos?
Yes. Location services, always.
Can I share personal information
with market research? Why not?
And you are set.
Berkman goes boom.
Password is "suddenlyseymour1985",
but the s's are all dollar signs.
Thanks.
So, where's this bomb?
It's right over there.
Pick it up!
I want my speech tonight
not to be corny.
I want it to be honest and real.
Like the show.
And not some superficial bullshit
about how it might be perceived.
-Take this down.
-Yeah.
I didn't write, direct, produce
and star in Joplin for the glory.
I do this show for a little girl
who came from Joplin, Missouri.
Maybe her name is Abigail,
but everybody calls her Thweetie.
Her grandma had a lisp and she'd say,
"Thweetie, time to milk the cow!"
Maybe Abigail lived on a farm,
so she was sheltered
and she didn't see a TV set
until 14. At night, she'd be like,
"Mama, promise me those little
people won't come out of the TV..."
-Natalie. The little girl is me.
-You're Thweetie?
Cracker ass, fruity bootie,
whack as hell, weak sauce,
fuck head, fuck face, fuck nuts,
shit nuts, shit fuck, fuck fuck...
-Somebody called me a fuck fuck?
-Rob Reiner, 1994
At the Ghosts of Mississippi audition.
I said I don't want feedback.
But now you can be known
as Gene Cousineau, great actor.
I'll send you my new address.
I'm gonna be under another name.
Go in and pay for these, will ya?
Gene?
Joe Mantegna?
-Gene, it's Joe Mantegna.
-Shut the fuck up.
Joe, I've had a stressful day.
Please, let's not make a scene here.
I'm the one violating my restraining
order against you, hotshot.
The only reason I came was to say
good job, what you did for that vet.
What?
-The Variety piece.
-You were in Variety?
"Gene Cousineau, former actor,
pays it forward to America's heroes."
You didn't make this at Knott's Berry
Farm to fuck with me, did ya?
I do a lot of work with the vets,
too. Here's my challenge coin.
"The casting director
from Laws of Humanity told Variety,"
"few acting teachers accomplished
the extraordinary feat"
"of saving a soldier's life
through acting."
"Barry Berkman was once
a wooden soldier."
"Thanks to Gene Cousineau,
he's become a real boy."
What?
I'm having dinner with some friends.
Join us. This Friday, my house,
and we'll bury that hatchet.
And I'll tell my lawyer
to remove that restraining order.
Semper Fi, brother.
Joe Mantegna invited you to his house.
Not to brawl, but to break bread.
-I have to go.
-Do you know what this means?
This is the industry-wide amnesia
we've been long hoping for.
-Tom, I have to go.
-Why do you have to leave L.A.?
If I tell you this,
it could get you killed.
Not this again. I've explained this.
It's racist.
Just because Tony Danza
is an Italian...
This is worse than Tony Danza.
My life is in danger.
The best thing for you
is to stay the hell away from me.
I wanna be a law and order guy
as much as the next one. I do.
But when somethin' stinks,
it stinks, am I wrong?
It's always been very confusing.
The police said Ryan was
murdered by Chechen gangsters.
-Did that make sense to you then?
-No.
My investigation says one
of his classmates, Barry Berkman,
he pinned it on 'em.
Maybe he was their associate,
he betrayed them, I don't know.
I do know...
he sullied your son's good name.
Your son wanted to be an actor,
right?
This fella is in L.A. right now,
working as an actor.
He took your son's life, and now
he's living your son's dream.
That's his address.
That's where he lives.
I didn't write, direct, produce,
and star in Joplin for the glory.
I do this show for a little girl
who came from Joplin, Missouri.
-Who's the little girl?
-Me. Jesus! She's me.
-Go inside.
-You'll just meet us there, then?
-We're about to roll, so I gotta...
-Okay.
-You'll make the screening though?
-Yeah.
Okay.
Love you, boo bear.
Wish me luck.
The limo's here.
Where's Barry?
His shoot's running late.
How do I look?
-Beautiful.
-I don't look stressed out?
Can you imagine back in Cousineau's
class when we did mirror exercises,
that we'll be in a limo on our way
to your show's premiere?
I'll see you there, okay?
Thank you!
What?
DETONATE
PRESS FOR DETONATION
Shit!
This way! This way!
-Explosive!
-Thank you.
Rumor has it you're not from Joplin.
True, false?
I'm from Joplin,
it says it on the poster.
-We have Indie Wire.
-Sally, you look amazing.
-Thank you.
-How are you feeling tonight?
They say not to eat before these.
I'm hungry. But there'll be food later.
I feel excited.
You look good.
Who are you wearing?
-I think it's... Who am I wearing?
-Shoshana.
Shoshana. It's Shoshana.
Please twirl.
Twirl for the girls! Yes!
You're so pretty.
You do not look old enough
to have an abused daughter.
Thank you.
What is your secret?
I wash my face
and I try to get nine hours.
Let's get you inside.
Hello, this is Faye,
how can I help you today?
My app isn't syncing with the Bluetooth
on the device I'm trying to detonate.
Okay. I can help you with that.
What's your username?
BerkmanGoesBoom, capital B,
capital G, capital B.
Okay. Give me one second
while I pull up your account.
I found you. Do you have the latest
version of Detonate installed?
-I do.
-Okay. Is the Bluetooth on?
Yes.
Okay. I'm gonna put you
on a quick hold.
There he is.
-How was Pilates?
-Good.
Are we still leaving tomorrow?
Some things have come up
that I need to discuss with you.
Okay.
I have to admit, I didn't come to L.A.
only to run the Chechen operation.
I came because felt you've been
disloyal to my daughter.
Elena means the world to me.
I had you followed
to your little love nest.
What are you saying?
I don't know what you're saying.
It's done. Glad you're out of there.
Are your men suspicious?
No, I think they are having fun.
Need to see you.
Meet at the place, one hour.
Make it two,
the guys want to go to Buffalo
Wild Wings and try all the sauces.
Ever wanted to kaboom? Join us
in our virtual kaboom room.
Hi, thanks for waiting. I'm back.
I think I know what the problem is.
You always wanted to be head
of the family one day.
Elena thought you had potential.
I wasn't so sure.
So, I gave you the easy work,
like running L.A.,
which is the same as running
Disneyland. And yet you fuck it up.
Why? Because you have
no mental toughness.
So, let's do a test.
I'm gonna give you two choices.
We'll see how you do.
-Is your Wi-Fi on?
-Is my Wi-Fi on?
Yes, it is.
-Turn it off and see if that helps.
-Turn the Wi-Fi off?
One,
I kill you and make my daughter
a widow,
or two, you take me to your lover,
NoHo Hank,
and you shoot him in the head.
Suegro...
You're going to have to kill me.
Well...
Must be true love.
Kill him!
Turning Wi-Fi off.
Sounds like we were successful.
Is there anything else?
Shit!
Reviews are out!
The enfuego's been lifted!
The embargo's been lifted.
Let me see that.
-Critics don't matter.
-Sally, this is from New York Times.
"A show by women, about women,
for women,"
"Joplin avoids the pitfalls
of the female-driven dramedy"
"by delivering a full depiction
of self-love."
If critics could do what I do,
they'd be doing it.
Your show has a 98 on Rotten
Tomatoes! And "Pam" only has 27!
I'm constantly in awe
of her work ethic, her empathy,
and her brutal honesty,
especially with herself.
I'm new to the business, but I'm lucky
to have not only such a great part,
but a really great partner.
Here she is, the creator
and star of Joplin, Sally Reed.
Thank you, Katie.
Working with you was one of the most
rewarding experiences of my career.
You make me want to be
a better actor.
Okay. Good evening.
I didn't write, direct, produce,
and star in Joplin for the glory.
I do this show for a little girl,
who came from Joplin, Missouri.
And, she so badly needed
to hear this story,
to know that she wasn't alone.
And...
If there is another little girl out
there who also needs to hear it,
then I have done my job as a...
l'm sorry.
Someone just told me that we got
a 98 on Rotten Tomatoes,
and it really only just hit me now.
If you believe your best review,
you've gotta believe your worst.
So, after I got called unforgivable
in the Pasadena Star,
I vowed never to read
another review. But... 98!
Wow!
90 fucking eight!
And I just...
I just wanna thank...
all the incredible people in my life,
who got me here.
My teacher, and mentor,
Mister Gene M. Cousineau.
He taught me to be fearless.
And my incredible agent Lindsay.
You've been a fierce advocate
of my work.
And my boyfriend, Barry.
Thank you for being an amazing
boyfriend. You support me.
I couldn't do this without you
and I love you so much.
Who else? God. I almost forgot
to thank God. Thank you so much.
They're playing me off. I didn't
think they did that at premieres.
He was in Fernando's house
when the bomb went off.
-But he's all right.
-Oh, my God!
Oh, my God.
I got you. Come on.
Barry, thank you. Thank you
so much. Come here. I got you.
I got you.
-You killed that.
-You killed that. We killed it.
Oh, my God, I need a drink.
Where is the bar in this place?
That was amazing.
This woman was crying so hard.
Her boyfriend was like, "Calm down".
I knew people would like it,
but come on. We did something...
Sally, you're dating a violent guy.
What?
I'm sorry.
But Barry is a violent guy.
And the way he spoke to you
the other day was, like, awful.
-It was really scary.
-He was in a mood.
I just...
That was just really bad.
That was really bad. And...
I don't know. I just...
You're a really amazing person.
And...
I don't wanna see you get hurt.
So...
Oh, my God, look!
I don't mean to bother you.
You were wonderful.
Such good work.
Leo!
I packed the car.
We gotta get going.
Yeah, Dad, give us a second.
We gotta get Gordon's shoes on.
Please. Don't hurt them.
I'm sorry I took you hostage.
And to make up for it...
I took a job.
That money's Leo's.
-Where did you get it?
-Never mind. It's yours. Take it.
And after today,
you never have to see me again.
So, my family is safe?
-Thanks for everything, Mr. Cousineau.
-Dad.
Where'd you get that?
Leo,
we're going to stay right here
in Los Angeles.
-It was kind of crazy.
-It was crazy. I didn't...
Barry is over there.
-Okay. I'll call you later.
-You were great.
-Thank you!
-Yeah.
Hey.
-I missed it.
-Yeah, you did.
Fuck. I'm sorry.
-You look great.
-Thanks.
How did it go?
Honestly,
it was the greatest night of my life.
That's great.
Hey, I'm sorry.
Barry, we're done.
Because I missed the premiere?
The way you yelled at me
the other day at the office
it sent me to a place
I never wanna go again.
-This relationship isn't good for me.
-Are you serious?
I had a bad day.
I can't have a bad day?
I'm gonna stay at Natalie's.
Pack up your stuff and move out.
No.
Sally!
I can't believe we're doing this.
I know.
But it's like the guy said.
The cops aren't doing anything, mom.
I don't see any other way.
I just never thought I was
this kind of person.
But this will bring us peace.
You promise?
I promise, Mom.
And...
I can do this alone, okay?
It's gotta be both of us.
I think we'll take the Glock.
Sweet.
END OF EPISODE 4
Season 3